Adjust docs for password protected keystore (#45054)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/cluster/nodes-reload-secure-settings.asciidoc

[[cluster-nodes-reload-secure-settings]]
== Nodes Reload Secure Settings

> The cluster nodes reload secure settings API is used to re-read the local node's encrypted keystore.

Reviewer: The `local node's encrypted keystore` implies to me the api must be run on every node, when in fact this is a cluster level API, correct? Maybe reword to `...is used to re-load the keystore on each node`? I'm not sure `encrypted` should be there as a qualifier since in the no-passphrase case it is only obfuscated.

Specifically, it will prompt the keystore decryption and reading across the cluster.
The keystore's decrypted content is

> used to reinitialize all compatible plugins. A compatible plugin can be

Reviewer: I think this existing wording is deceptive. Plugin's can't be reinitialized. Rather, the consumers of the keystore settings are notified of the updated value.

Author: I went ahead and removed the existing additional information. It felt more like describing internal implementation than adding something of value for the users/API consumers.

to selectively target `nodeId1` and `nodeId2`. The node selection options are
detailed <<cluster-nodes,here>>.

> NOTE: It is an error if secure settings are inconsistent across the cluster nodes, yet this consistency is not enforced

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: {es} returns an error if secure settings are inconsistent across the cluster nodes, but this consistency is not enforced
```

Author: We don't return an error ( this is what the "but this consistency is not enforced" is meant to explain ). I see how this is not very clear, I'm open to suggestions to rephrase this

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the clarification. Here's a suggested rephrasing. 

```suggestion
NOTE: {es} requires consistent secure settings across the cluster nodes, but this consistency is not enforced.
```

Let me know if this is accurate. Also note that this removes the "whatsover." on the next line.

> whatsoever. Hence, reloading specific nodes is not standard.It is only justifiable when retrying failed reload operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
whatsoever. Hence, reloading specific nodes is not standard. It is only justifiable when retrying failed reload operations.
```

==== Reload Password Protected Secure Settings

> When the elasticsearch keystore is password protected and not simply obfuscated, the password for the keystore needs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the {es} keystore is password protected and not simply obfuscated, the password for the keystore needs
```

to be provided in the request to reload the secure settings.
Reloading the settings for the whole cluster assumes that all nodes' keystores are protected with the same password
and is only allowed when {ref}/configuring-tls.html#tls-transport[node to node communications are encrypted]

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
POST _nodes/reload_secure_settings
{
  "reload_secure_settings": "s3cr3t" <1>
}
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

> <1> The common password that the elasticsearch keystore is encrypted with in every node of the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> The common password that the {es} keystore is encrypted with in every node of the cluster.
```

Alternatively the secure settings can be reloaded on a per node basis, locally accessing the API and passing the

> node-specific elasticsearch keystore password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
node-specific {es} keystore password.
```

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
POST _nodes/_local/reload_secure_settings
{
  "reload_secure_settings": "s3cr3t" <1>
}
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

> <1> The password that the elasticsearch keystore is encrypted with on the local node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> The password that the {es} keystore is encrypted with on the local node.
```

to selectively target `nodeId1` and `nodeId2`. The node selection options are
detailed <<cluster-nodes,here>>.

==== Reload Password Protected Secure Settings

When the elasticsearch keystore is password protected and not simply obfuscated, the password for the keystore needs to be provided in the request to reload the secure settings.

> Reloading the settings for the whole cluster assumes that all nodes keystores are protected with the same password and is only allowed when

Reviewer: nit: `nodes` -> `nodes'` (plural possessive)

{ref}/configuring-tls.html#tls-transport[node to node communications are encrypted]

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
POST _nodes/reload_secure_settings
{
  "reload_secure_settings": "s3cr3t" <1>
}
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

> <1> The password that the elasticsearch keystore is encrypted with.

Reviewer: I woudl add a qualfiier that this password must be the same on all nodes.

Alternatively the secure settings can be reloaded on a per node basis, locally accessing the API and passing the node-specific elasticsearch keystore password.

[source,js]
--------------------------------------------------
POST _nodes/_local/reload_secure_settings
{
  "reload_secure_settings": "s3cr3t" <1>
}
--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

> <1> The password that the elasticsearch keystore is encrypted with.

Reviewer: encrypted with _on the local node_

> Note:It is an error if secure settings are inconsistent across the cluster nodes, yet this consistency is not enforced whatsoever.Hence, reloading specific nodes is not standard.It is only justifiable when retrying failed reload operations.

Reviewer: Should this be a real asciidoc "Note"? Also, seem to have lost some spacing between sentences in moving down here.
